README.md, before:

torrentcatcher
===========
###Requirements
* transmission-remote

###Description
Takes torrent or magnet links from rss feeds you provide, parses them and sends them to transmission via the transmission-remote command line utility.
###Installation and Usage
To install this for your personal use run these commands:
```
$ git clone https://github.com/archangelic/torrentcatcher
$ cd torrentcatcher/
$ ./torrentcatcher.py
```
This will start the script, and give you an error about there being no feeds.
This will also check for the relevant data files, and, if they do not exist, create them in the `<path>/torrentcatcher/data/` directory
The `config` file will be in there with some default values already filled in:
```
[transmission]
  hostname = localhost
  port = 9091
  require_auth = False
  username = ""
  password = ""
  download_directory = ""

[feeds]
```
Fill in the config file with the relevant information to access your transmission rpc session. Make sure to set `require_auth` to `True` if your transmission rpc requires a username and password.
The `download_directory` value will override your transmission session's global download directory for torrents gathered by torrentcatcher.

The `[feeds]` section is intentonally blank. Feeds can be added here manually by entering a value under that header such as `feedname = http://fake.url.to/feed.rss`, or by using the `./torrentcatcher.py --add-feed` utility.

`./torrentcatcher.py -h` will reveal all available options and their descriptions.

Commit message:

Added setup.py to install unmet dependencies.

README.md, after:

torrentcatcher
===========
###Requirements
* transmission-remote

###Description
Takes torrent or magnet links from rss feeds you provide, parses them and sends them to transmission via the transmission-remote command line utility.
###Installation and Usage
To install this for your personal use run these commands:
```
$ git clone https://github.com/archangelic/torrentcatcher
$ cd torrentcatcher/
$ ./setup.py install
$ ./torrentcatcher.py
```
`setup.py` wil download and install any unmet python dependencies.
`torrentcatcher.py` will start the script, and give you an error about there being no feeds.
This will also check for the relevant data files, and, if they do not exist, create them in the `<torrentcatcher path>/data/` directory
The `config` file will be in there with some default values already filled in:
```
[transmission]
  hostname = localhost
  port = 9091
  require_auth = False
  username = ""
  password = ""
  download_directory = ""

[feeds]
```
Fill in the config file with the relevant information to access your transmission rpc session. Make sure to set `require_auth` to `True` if your transmission rpc requires a username and password.
The `download_directory` value will override your transmission session's global download directory for torrents gathered by torrentcatcher.

The `[feeds]` section is intentonally blank. Feeds can be added here manually by entering a value under that header such as `feedname = http://fake.url.to/feed.rss`, or by using the `./torrentcatcher.py --add-feed` utility.

`./torrentcatcher.py -h` will reveal all available options and their descriptions.
